Answer questions marked as "QS"

QS1.1:
    To implement a DFS, we use a stack. This is becuase the architecture
    of a stack naturally complements the search function of a DFS. We expand
    a deepest node first, and if we fail, we traverse back up to the previous level
    and test the next deepest node. A stack makes this incredibly streamlined,
    where traversing up the tree is as simple as popping the top of the stack.

QS1.2:
    The exploration order does follow what I would've expected. The algorithm
    commits to going down a path until it hits a dead end and backtracks, and
    this can be seen by the brighter color in the first dead ends compared to
    the end of the path. Pacman does not go to all the explored squares, however,
    as the deepest node has a path directly connected to the root of the tree,
    no dead ends included.

QS2.1:
    To implement BFS, use a Queue. This is because we explore multiple paths at the
    same time, traversing down the tree as we go. A queue naturally supports this
    when we add the successors to each expanded node to the queue, since it is a FIFO
    structure.

QS3.1:
    The cost function used is the total cumulative cost from the root to the current
    node. Each move has a cost of 1, and because a lower number indicates a higher 
    priority, the least cost path will automatically get queued first, meaning the
    shortest path to the goal is guaranteed to be discovered


QS4.1:
    Both the null heuristic (which results in the same behavior as UCS) and the
    manhattan heuristic find the optimal solition, however the manhattan heuristic is better
    because it expands fewer search nodes. This is because the heuristic function allows
    it to judge how close it is to the goal state and influence it's decision.

Question 4.2:
    In openMaze, nearly all empty spaces are explored in the null heuristic,
    but the manhattan heuristic is slightly more efficient and ignores the bottom right
    section of the maze

QS5.1:
    In this problem, the state is pacmans current position as well as four boolean variables
    indicating whether its associated corner has been reached:

        state = ((x, y), c0: boolean, c1: boolean, c2: boolean, c3: boolean)

QS5.2:
    My implementation is simple and straightforward. The getStartState method is described above,
    however the other two methods are described below:

    isGoalState() - get the current state information. If all booleans are True (meaning all corners
    have been visited), then return true, otherwise return False

    getSuccessors() - gets the child nodes by expanding the current node. For each direction, we test
    to see if moving one unit in that direction results in a legal move. If so, we then check to see
    if the next destination is a corner, and set the state flag accordingly. We group all of this into
    the structure of our state space and append it to the successors list.

QS6.1:
    The heuristic function used for this problem was h(x) = U, where U is the number of unvisited
    corners in the problem. The strong part of this heuristic is that it correctly accounts for
    progress made in discovering states, reducing the expected cost accordingly. However, this
    heuristic is definitely not as accurate as it could be. The lower bound is very general, and
    will only ever be close to boards that approach 2x2 dimensions. 
    
    This heuristic is consistent, however. The heuristic for any node is always less than the heuristic
    of a proceeding node plus the actual cost of that proceeding node.
    

QS7.1:
    The heuristic used for this problem was the number of food dots remaining. This is a strong
    heuristic because all the spaces with food need to be explored, so it serves as a lower bound that is
    also quite tight, especially in early iterations. The heuristic gets a little
    weaker as time progresses, however, and is not as close to the actual cost. This heuristic is
    consistent, as they only ever decrease by 1 from state to state.

QS8.1:
    The solution I used was a breadth first search on the goal condition of where a state has food
    at the location. 